 Teksting av Nicolai Winther  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Gracias.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Let's get started. it. So this is my first lecture.  My name is Zhao Ligao. Can you hear me? Okay. So my name is Zhao Ligao. I'm going to be your instructor for this course. I think last week, if I don't give you the first class, right, so I'm going to be the next. So every new course, the first class, I usually count the student number. I don't know. So this class, majority of you are here, Bastille, I think some are missing.  But if you got a friend, so if you decide to attend this university and you want to decide to, because this is a graduate course, so you choose to continue the study. I don't know why people are still trying to skip the class. Those who decide to skip the class, they're already not one of you. right so if you got a friends so who is  not able to attend class today, I hope you can tell them that some of the contents in the class is very important for examination, okay? And I will explain in details, but if you got some problem to attend this class, then you have still have the chance to watch the video, but still the best opportunity to learn things is face-to-face teaching, okay? This is the reason why you want to come to this university, right? When I was an undergrad student,  student or post-grad students, I never miss one class, unless I'm thick. Because I was like you. I will introduce myself. Because last week, I think in the BMEs laboratory course, I introduced myself. But I see some new face here, so I still will talk about my background. And you will see that actually you and me, we shared a very similar experience. is  because I was a master student as you guys 15 years ago. Okay? So, okay, so let's get started. Let's talk about that later, okay? So my name is Zhao Li Gao. I'm Gao Zhao Li, okay? I'm assistant professor in this department. I'm going to be the instructor of this course. And I think Professor Duan will teach two class, And that was  the rest and nine okay so i hope we can get along with each other if i have any problems um just let me know okay uh so today we are going to talk about the nano characterization nano criteria i think a ta post the slides on red ball system right okay great okay all right so this is me i still want to introduce myself in case you don't know me uh uh you so my name is uh tali gao okay So I go to.  my I come to Hong Kong I come to Hong Kong in 2004 and then did my bachelor degree at Hong Kong University of Science and Technology I graduated in 2008 and then I decided to continue my study I like you guys okay it was on I became a master student okay 2008 2010 I was master student like you guys. Then I continue to decide to continue.  my studies at a PhD students I graduated in 2014 that is four years after my graduation with master degree okay so then I went to University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia for postdoc I spent five year there so work on nano materials then I went back to Hong Kong I found this job so I I became assistant professor in this department in 2019, right before the pandemic.  So it's a tough time, but so yeah. So this is my background. So currently, I'm assistant professor in this department. This is my office number, ERB1113. That is our department. The location of our department, Mong Ming Wei Engineering Building. So if you want to make appointment with me, that is my office number. And my phone number, feel free to call me if you have any questions. Of course.  you can show me emails. So as a PIU, I think some of you know my research focus. I will briefly go through them. For example, I'm working on two-dimension material, as you can see here. Usually they are based on the nanomaterial. As you can see, it's a material called graphene. I work on other materials, carbon nanotube, transition metal, dacaltenide, but usually it's a a low dimension material okay  I tried to expand to three-dimensional material based on graphene, but we're still working on that. So far, we only have these publications, but more is coming out. I want to build this type of structure. I can transfer graphene on top of silicon dioxide substrate, then use a semiconducting fabrication process to fabricate these stuff, transistors. Then I can use this type of transistor as transducer, just  I can functionize the surface with probe molecules. For example, here is the antibody. It's engineered antibody. You can use other receptors, maybe some probe DNA, eptamer, if you like. And then this type of structure can be very useful to detect certain target molecules. This target molecule is very important. If you are doctors, you want to know what happened in the patient's body. So this type of target molecules can  be the biomarkers for certain disease. So you can see that, then you can have the capability to do the diagnosis. So this is my hope. And I hope we can make this device more and more stable in the future. And this is what it looks like. So we use the so-called scalable fabrication method. I will discuss it with you later in the second chapter, why I call it scalable fabrication method, because it's such a like  just like printers, OK? You can fabricate lots of chips within a couple of seconds, OK? Of course, there is other method called non-scalable. It's also very useful, just like your pen. You can use this type of method, like one of them very famous, called eBin lithography, OK? So you can design whatever pattern you like. OK, this is particularly useful for you, OK, as a student, because we want  this type of flexibility. But the industry people focused on the scalable method called maybe one most famous is photolithography. And this is what it looks like. You transfer graphene on top of silicon dioxide substrate. And because the contrast between graphene and the silicon dioxide, you will see them. It's not like you really see the atomic layer of carbon on silicon dioxide. You just see the contrast. And.  The contrast is super important. In a couple minutes, I will tell you why. Because when we use electrons to characterize your sample, the same principle applies. We focus on contrast. Sometimes contrast is more important than the resolution. I'll tell you why in a couple of minutes. Then I also, because my background, it's material science. And then when I moved to Philadelphia, I walk in the.  department actually so I I have the passion for new material as well so here you can see that we have this new material called trilayer graphene okay trilayer graphene is not monolayer graphene okay you can consider it's like complete different materials okay like the graphene like carbon and diamond okay they're made of carbons but it could be different thing and trilayer graphene and bilayer graphene is completely different from the monolayer I mean, in terms of.  of the electronic property. I will tell you, I will discuss these materials also briefly in this course. And of course, I said I want to expand this material to three dimensions, like this 3D graphing. We use it for wearable electronics. So any particular application of these biosensors, first of all, you see, I would like to translate this device into biomimetic applications in early disease diagnosis. For example, this type of  device I would like to detect cancer maybe in the future. Moreover, this type of device is very useful for point of care testing. The whole structure can be very small, can be miniaturized in a very small footprint. So something like a cell phone with a printer size. So you can put it at home and do the diagnosis by yourself. You watch the movie like Star Trek. This is a very old movie. They are real.  There's a very nice device in that movie called medical tricorder. So this is like your phone size, and you can use this detector to do the diagnosis. But it's a science fiction. But anyway, people are looking for this type of device in the future for disease diagnosis purpose by yourself. I also want to develop biosensors for wearable health monitoring. for example, this device.  So I can detect the ion concentration and trace the amount of molecules in your sweat, maybe in your urine samples. So this type of body fluid, this is also my passion. So I would like to solve these problems that are yet to be solved in this field using my material, my device. So this is my passion. So I hope you can find your passion as well. the goals. You see we share the same experience, right?  So you need to think about what you are going to do in five years, ten years. So if you would like to talk to me, I can share this experience with you. So my job is to help you succeed, at least in this course. At least in this course, BMEG 5760. Okay, I'm not sure people tell you this  Like, at least my feeling is the coming 10 years is very important for you. So you currently, imagine I'm one of you. It's probably the 2010, 2009. So if I can be clear about my passions, what I'm going to do in the future, I probably will attend my career.  better because I think I spent a bit more time in the PhD because I spent more than a bit more than two years for master degrees and then for you in PhD degree some some my colleagues is just as can shorten that the period maybe within four or five years so that is one year less than me so I can use that one years to publish more papers right I'm not saying that you have to duplicate this type of check but you need to think start think about it okay  So I hope you can find your passions. So earlier, you need to identify a career you really love and you will work on it for the next 30 or maybe 40, 50 years. Then you can contribute to the society and to our field. So if you need any help, don't hesitate to contact me and Professor Duan. We are more happy to help. So, uh...  That's it. It's about me. If you have any questions, we can discuss after class. All right, so next let's talk about the topic in the class schedule. One of the most important information you should get from this class. We might have some minor adjustment later, but this is is our plan, OK? I think you got this outlines before the class from the blackboard system.  You know roughly what's happening here. So I think Professor also talked about this before. I want to start with nano-quantarization and nano-fabrication for the first half semester. Before the midterm examination. I hope we can finish this content before the midterm examination. But those as post-graduate studies, those characterization and fabrication skills is one.  all the topics you have to master if you work as an engineer. So we will talk about some. It's not going to be extremely rare to find, but I think some of you have experience, but some of you may not. For example, scanning electron microscope, transmission electron microscope, atomic force microscope. You need to know what it looks like and how to work with it. and also for the nano fabrication.  As I said before, you have even lithography, photo lithography. So you have thin-field deposition. Thin-field deposition, there is different kinds of mode. For example, you can have a thermal mode, even mode. Sometimes you will use ion beam to bombard a surface to create certain patterns. We'll cover this type of topics one by one in the coming slides. So I want to emphasize  days that is very important for you. That is the midterm examination and the final examination. February, this year is a bit earlier. The schedule is moved earlier today, this semester. So last semester, previous semester, probably it's in early March. But this year, it's February 28. So you have to plan earlier. It's midterm examination. And then we have final examination. Bye.  That is after the final teaching day. I think the final teaching day is April 17. Okay? And the one week after that is going to be your final examination. Okay? So, that is going to be the big day for you. Okay? Celebration of this course. Okay? Two celebrations. Okay? So, that's our plan. And, okay. So, second half semester, we'll talk about the bioelectronics. Some electronics. Okay? that were is that  that are related to biomedical engineering. OK? All right, so I think this is the last slide before the characterization, but it's very important. I would like to reiterate the importance of academic honesty. OK? I ask you to come to the class, and I ask you to be honest. OK? So this is a very, very important, at least for my course.  is very important. So I would like to talk about Adamic honesty, maybe a few minutes. I think Professor Duan has discussed this with you. I would like to emphasize again. So you see, in this course, we have assignment, we have midterm, and we have final. And guess what? They are all open book. Yeah, they're open book.  So midterm, final, you can bring whatever you want. I will limit the materials. Maybe I'm not going to allow a textbook, because it's going to be bulky. You can bring whatever notes you want. The lecture notes. Yeah, it's OK. So actually, when I was a master or PhD student, My professor, especially.  Actually, for this graduate course, we don't really have the so-called invigilation system. So we do not really check the students during the mid and final examination. The professor come to the class, they distribute papers. Some professors just leave this class and  All the students, they will do the midterm and final examination by themselves. So this is what we do in the old times. So no TA, no professors. You just do everything by yourself and submit the paper by yourself. But nowadays, it seems something changed. But we are still making an open book. The final and the midterm and all the assignment, you can see the open go. So it requires a very high standard for you guys and do everything by ourselves.  Do everything by yourself. I think you heard a little bit about Adem's honesty in the first week of this semester. Some of you are new to this university, some are not. Some of you are actually our undergrad student. I know that. But you should know that the reason why you should not cheat is actually not related to our university. It's actually for.  yourself, OK? Because you cheat or not, it's not going to harm our reputation. Every year, you can check the reputation of this UHK. It's pretty good, right? But every year, it costs some. Every year. And maybe in my class, there are a few. But in other class, people actually cost some student trying to be smart, too smart, OK? It's not good. And every year, we got some student that got busted. by the  The ranking of the university is pretty good. So I believe the reason why you should not cheat is actually your habit, your requirement, your requirement for yourself. So I think you are in a very critical period in your life. In this period, you are constructing the person you are going to be for the rest of your life. So now you are graduate student.  graduate students. You are not an undergraduate student now. So you are going to be a professional maybe in two, five years, two to five years, and then you will start your own career. I believe that you can be an honest guy. So if you start to be too smart in this stage, then later it's very, very difficult for you. And someone is going to punish you If you heard this, there is one student.  There is news about graduate student at MIT. Even she go to MIT, it's not going to be a lot to his career. Actually, she destroyed her career. Maybe it work in some place. But once you got busted, your career will be destroyed. So try to make good habit. If you read some psychology book, you will know that human behavior is actually  a mental habit. So it's very critical. It's especially important for you to develop a very good habit in this stage. Okay? So if you are getting the habit of cutting corners this early in your stage, this is not good. Okay? How are you going to deal with the real challenge you are going to face in the other divisions? Okay? How are you going to gain others' respect? So the person sitting next to you may not be doing the same thing. Actually, it's not possible.  to do exactly the same thing, especially you decide to pursue a domain research or professional job in the future. But in the opposite, if you can use this period, this chance to train yourself to be honest, be professional, and to get yourself prepared for a very successful career, then I believe everyone will succeed at the end, and we'll be happy at the end. He is specialized in biochemical engineering.  Right, so I think no one wants to use a device or some nanotech device fabricated by someone cheating this course. In the future, if you are in a hospital, no one wants to use a device that is developing someone that is cheating this course. It's pretty easy. I truly believe everyone can do it, especially in my course. I hope everyone can behave well. Because  We trust you. You should act accordingly. So let me repeat again. There is zero tolerance at COHK for plagiarism, cheating, misconducting in test or examination. It's not allowed. If you do that, I have no choice but I have to report to the faculty. Then it's not my business. The faculty have certain rules for us to follow step by step. and sometimes  times it will be recorded in your transcript. So it's not good. So let's stay with honest and say no to plagiarism. So I hope one day we can really have zero invigilation systems for the examination maybe in the future. I would talk to the university.  See if I can do that. I come to the class, and I distribute paper. There is no invigilation for you. If you want to do that, I can consult the university for such assistance. And I hope it can happen. So next, let's talk about the main part of this chapter, nano-quadrilaterization. So in this chapter,  we are going to talk about a few tools you will use as especially in especially useful for damage research okay so if you want to master one of them then it will take quite a long time okay so this course will try you try to bring you to this world and we quickly go through the working principles and later if you want to operate those machines.  you still need to learn the details from technicians. So first, we'll talk about scanning electron microscope. And then we'll talk about transmission electron microscope. These two things are actually quite similar. But if you have experience before with these two machines, you will see the actual size is quite different. Because one piece of machine, like the scanning electron to Mexico just as required.  you got the signal from the surface. So the detector is somewhere above this sample, it saves lots of space. But the transmission electron microscope, it requires the electron to pass, so detects it beneath. So it requires a significantly larger size. And these days, we also talk about some other fancy transmission electron microscope called scanning transmission electron microscope. That technology requires a technique called  abrasion correcting. So that is even larger size. And we will have one example in the coming slides. And then we'll talk about scanning tunneling microscope and the force microscope. This actually belongs to scanning probe-morph microscope. They use a probe to get a signal from the atoms of the samples. And you're trying to record the trajectory and either reflect the morphology of the sample. XRD, okay, we have...  These crystals the x-ray come in and they get the diffract and the refractive beam probably will satisfy the block's law and You will have a signal and you record a signal to and based on certain equations. So we calculate that is constant Okay, so we are talking about this and Rama spectroscopy, you know lattice is a vibrating right? So vibrating it can consider as Phonal vibrating okay phonal mode and if you have this type of vibration you have a line shooting  surface, then this light will be absorbent. Tiny, tiny amount of the light will be absorbent, maybe 1%. But those laser light will have a lower energy scattered. If you record that energy, and you can study this material, I mean the full known vibration mode of this material. So it's a so-called Raman spectroscopy, very, very useful these days. And also some bio image. We'll talk about the fluorescent dyes, how it works.  works. So this is the contents. So first of all, what is the material characterization? The characterization basically is just the process where materials structure and the property are measured. So when you put your sample somewhere right here, maybe beneath the optical microscope, and you try to see what it looks like. It's round. It's a triangle. It's a rectangular. You're trying to see.  it looks like. You are actually characterizing it. And instead of using optical light, you can use other light. You can use lasers, or you can use other kind of particles. You can use electrons. You can have electron beams shining as this material and then recall the the secondary electron or transmitted electron for imaging purpose.  And then you have a scanning electron microscope and a transmission electron microscope. But in fact, the material characterization can be much broader. For example, instead of using e-beam, you can use what? Ions. You can use ions. It can be positive charged ions. You still can do similar things, but the requirement is different. And also, you can use x-rays. So you rely on the interaction between the.  input beam, input particles, and your sample. And you recall the refracted signal. It can be electrons. For scanning electron microscope, when you have the central beam hitting your surface, you've got a different kind of electron comes out. One can be the secondary electron. Another can be backscatter electron. We will talk about in coming slides. And that will be the output. And then you can use those output to study.  the material. And sometimes you have input as an electron, but output can be other type of thing, can be electromagnetic wave. We'll talk about this process as well in this coming slide. Because when you kick out this secondary electron, you leave a hole. Because previous, the orbital is occupied by one electron. Now it's kicked out. So it is empty side. Empty side, it make atom not happy. It's not stable.  OK? It became the high energy state. So once the particle is in high energy state, what it will do? It will try to get back to the low energy state. So how? The electron outside that orbital, they will occupy that side to make this atom more stable. So during this process, you have energy difference, right? Previously high energy state, now the low energy state. this energy difference will be released as...  electromagnetic wave that is x-ray and we can use the x-ray to analyze the element inside your sample or see is called XRD okay we'll talk about this in the coming slides also you can maybe you input x-ray you get back x-ray then this is XRD okay so we talk about one by one coming slide so before we talk about the microscope we're torn when you talk about  the resolution, OK? Because the reason why we want to use electron is because of shorter wavelength, OK? So we need to understand why. So microscope is all about seeing and identification of a subject we are interested in. So we see things because of light, at least at the moment. I can see you because I got this person's light, right? I can see you because of this light, OK? So for our sample, of course,  it's OK to use the optical microscope to resolve the morphology of your sample. But when your sample are approaching nanoscale, we have the problem that some small features cannot be resolved. The reason is that our visible light have wavelengths around 400 to 700 nanometers. Also, it's simply electromagnetic wave, but you've got a certain wavelength. Well  to 700 nanometers. And imaging resolution follows the raw Rayleigh criteria. So Law Rayleigh is a 19th century British scientist at University of Cambridge. So he said the highest image resolution is possibly half of the wavelength. Half of the wavelength. Let me say again, this highest resolution He has a pause in Malaysia.  half of the wavelength. If you use optical light, so I told you that wavelength is around 400 to 700 nanometer, then you can imagine that the highest resolution we can get is around 200, right? It's around 200 nanometer. That is half the wavelength. If you got a sample that is only around 100 nanometer, then you're trying to use a conventional optical microscopy, then it's going to be challenging for you. Okay, you can...  not resolve the small features on your sample. So optical microscope offer a maximum resolution. I mean, conventional optical microscope offer maximum resolution around 200 nanometer. OK, 200. So this is something I will ask in the examination. So no matter how you focus on your optical microscope, you are unable to resolve object that is smaller than, I say, 100 nanometer. So  So that's a reason why nanotechnology was not well-developed before 1930 when scanning electron microscope were invented. Scanning electron microscope were invented around 1930. The reason is simple, because before that, you cannot see it. You cannot see the nanostructure. But after the invention of scanning electron microscope, you start to see something that is previously  Not possible with optical microscope. Okay? So the idea here is very simple. If visible light did not work due to the relatively large wavelength, then can we find the wave with nanometer-sized wave? Okay? Nanometer-sized wavelength. Then we can resolve those nanoparticles, nanofeatures. Okay? So in fact, back in 1924, the board  Louis de Bois, this guy followed Einstein's reduction of photons in light waves, and he extended the skin to all particles such as electrons. So this guy extended the theory to all particles such as electrons. So we know Einstein's Nobel Prize, of course, he got a lot of contribution, even higher impact than the Nobel Prize. But he is Nobel Prize actually due to  to the preservation of photoelectric effect. When you shine a light on metals, for example, if the energy of that light is high enough, then the electron can be knocked out. I mean, the electron or the metal can be knocked out. This is so-called the photoelectric effect. XPS is based on that theory. So this phenomenon can only be explained if the light is a particle. But at that time people  also observe the phenomenon like the double slit deflection phenomenon. So I'm not sure if you remember this, but if you got this board, you have a very small holes. And you have a photon shooting toward these directions. If it's a particle, you probably only observe here and here. But what people see is you always observe the signal  know, somewhere here, here, here. That means the photon can bend around this edge. So that means you got a wave. So it's a particle and a wave. It's a particle and a wave. So light is particle. Photon is a particle and also a wave. So this actually is a bit beyond our intuition. But De Broglie came out and said not only light, okay?  Light is a particle that is called photon. But Du Bois came out and said, not only photon. All kinds of particles, even you, me, and the whole, we can have this type of behavior. We are particle and a wave. So you can calculate the wavelength. You can calculate the wave. Everything is a particle and a wave.  OK, he's kind of crazy at that time. But the boy described this theory in his PhD thesis. But even at that time, his supervisor is not a question about this theory. His supervisor then sent a copy to Einstein, got a comment, and Einstein replied with a very positive comment. This is what we do in the past for the PhD defense. Sometimes you will send out for external review.  Actually, Einstein is quite excited about theory and replied with very positive comments. For that reason, this guy, de Broglie, he got his PhD degree and also Nobel Prize, based on his PhD degree. I'm not sure if anyone can get a Nobel Prize using a PhD thesis, but he definitely is one of them. I'll put him. So de Broglie's equation said, the wavelength Oh,  matter such an electron equals Planck's constant over momentum, over momentum, divided by particle momentum. So, this constant, if you got the momentum, momentum is mass times velocity, right? Very simple. Then you can calculate the wavelength. So, if you got an electron, it's moving with certain speed, then you were able to calculate its wavelength. So for electrons, the wavelength can easily go down to sub-nanometers.  of nanometer, which is sufficient to resolve the specimen of nanometer size. Okay, nanometer size. So this is a... okay. Okay, so this is what we should know for de Broglie's contribution, and this is reason why we want to use electrode to improve the resolution.  material crystallization. So this slide actually explains in detail why the wavelengths matter. You should know this. I told you that the highest resolution defined by Rayleigh is half the wavelength. So actually, here I explain to you why we got this number. Actually, this to just raw play it.  50% of wavelengths, okay? Really can define 50%. Another guy can define another percentage, maybe 60, 40, okay? So this is the reason why I really define this 50%, okay? We start with this diffraction phenomenon. Diffraction phenomenon, I already told you, right? So if you got a hole somewhere very small, close the wavelengths of your particle.  then you got diffraction phenomenon. Okay? So if it's a particle, usually got a signal somewhere right here, but actually you also got a signal here and here. This is because of diffraction. Okay? And at the center, you have highest peak, but if you move a little bit towards the two sides, you got a weaker signal, all because of diffraction, all the diffraction. Okay? So if...  you got one spot. You got a pretty decent signal, something like this. You still got this kind of wave patterns, but at center, you got a pretty decent signal. And if you've got two, if you've got two, then it's another problem. If you've got two distinct points, for example, two features you are trying to distinguish, maybe on your sample, and each emit  or scatter light like this. If they are far, far away from each other, you try to recall the signal somewhere right here. Then you will see that actually these two peaks is far away from each other. Then you can say that I can distinguish these two features. I really can see them. There are different two points. So this is like.  within your resolution, within your capability. But now another scenario is if you move towards each other, you will find that actually these two peaks, they can merge into one. That means you still got two light source, but you'll detect only see one. So this peak is just like one because there's a diffraction phenomenon. It's just a wave. And these two signals, they're trying to overlap with each other you you  Of course, you can deconvolut the signal, because it's just overlap with these two signals. But your detector really cannot tell. You really cannot tell. So if you want to see them clearly, you need to move them away from each other slightly. OK, slightly. For example, in this situation, we start to see this peak and this peak. And then we will say that I can distinguish these two points. We can do this.  these two points. So really, he came out and defined this type of number. He said the resolution should be 0.61. I don't know how he can get this one, but you can come out. Maybe Johnson's criteria, maybe some blah-blah criteria. You can define this number as 0.6 or 0.7. But this one seems to work pretty well. People follow this  follow this criteria for quite a long time. 0.61 times the wavelength of a numerical aperture. Okay, numerical aperture, that is, you can consider a property of your lens. Okay, if you got a larger lens, better lens, you could probably get better numerical aperture. Okay, so this number is also So a constant usually is around 0.7 to 1.4. So if you plot a number like 1.2.  some number in the middle, you'll find actually this is 0.5. That's roughly around this number. It already depends on what type of lens you are using in your optical system. It can have better resolution. If you've got an extremely well lens, maybe it can go up to 1.4. Then you've got a better resolution. But it cannot be all the magnitude difference. Okay, so you can improve  maybe from 200 nanometer to 150. But it's very challenging for you to get to maybe 10 nanometer resolution, all because of this really criteria. So this is how we get this number. So you can imagine the most important parameter here, actually, is this wavelength. If you can get a wave that is maybe around one nanometer, then we'll talk about the really resolution limit can  be around maybe less than 1 nanometer. So if you've got a nanoparticle, then it's very easy for you to resolve the feature. All right, so this is actually one optical microscope in my lab. So if you go to my lab, you will see this one. So very common one. So the sample will be here. the lens lens and you have different mode  You can choose to see the sample by yourself, or you find some nice place, you can use this detector to record the image for publication purpose. So sometimes the light comes from top, we also have light source from bottom. Usually we use the top light. So this is an optical microscope. okay and you see these days we have a very nice software to record  so we use it for publication purpose okay and this is optical microscope okay and then we'll talk about scanning electron microscope SEM SEM okay so this slide show you the scanning electron microscope the schematic the structure okay first of all you will see a column a column somewhere right here at top This is electron source.  okay this is just like a light bulb you have this tungsten source okay tungsten uh filament or some other material can be less than hexaporite okay it will emit electron towards your sample okay just like the light bulb you're having at all times you're getting red if you have a vacuum environment and you try to put a potential near this filament then there will be  electron source. It's just like a vanquish tube. Vanquish tube, you know this device. So you have a filament, for example, made of tungsten. And you apply a high voltage potential, maybe from 1 to 30 kilovolt. And the vanquish environment inside here, they will actually try to pull the electron out of this tungsten filament. And that will be.  be your electron source. That will lead to the emission of the electron. So these two lines, it's not something that is by error. So this actually represents the donor-shaped metal plate. Just you can see that you know what is a donor, right? Donor. That ascends the area as a whole. So you put the potential. there's actually potential between.  this, there is actually potential difference between this filament and this donut shape metal plate. So you can have a very good method to drag this electron out of your filament. And then this electron will continue and move to this filament. Between this filament and your sample, They're also  a potential, and this electron will be heading downwards towards your sample. So you apply a potential to electron in vacuum, it will emit electron when potential is high enough. Usually we are talking about 1 to 30 kilovolt. And then the electron will be aligned and condensed in this condenser coil. okay condenser coil so this condenser coil just like the lens you are using  optical microscope. When we talk about transmission electron microscope in the coming slides, I think I have one slide to show you what it looks like. I think you also can see that in your slides. So it's this condenser coil, just like the lens. You can manipulate the the intensity, the shape of your electron beam, just like how you maneuver the optical light.  in the optical microscope. The focus beam is controlled by the scanning coil and the magnification control down here. And then you will place the electron beam in one spot. Then you've got a signal. You have the electron beam hitting your sample. It will be scattered. For example, you've got this secondary electron. We'll explain what is secondary electron in the coming slide. But once this secondary electron, low energy electron, comes up  For example, there will be a detector somewhere right here. Detector somewhere right here. And between your sample and this detector, there are also potential, positive potential. It's like you can imagine this detector is positive charge. So electron want to go towards that detector. So detector can see the signals. So once you detect this pixel and that pixel, because the morphology is different, the emission of electrons.  can be very, very different. You can detect the intensity simultaneously by using detector. And you put them together, it became one frame. If you've got a good machine, you can refresh the frame. Couple of frames within one second, then you just like you are watching a video. But when you decide to recall the sample, the image for publication purpose, you probably will click a button. In the old times, it's called a full time.  I really click that button, and then this scanning coil start to focus at one pixel for longer time. For longer time, you got a higher signal, higher signal-to-noise ratio, so your image will be better. So this is roughly the working mechanism. That's the reason why SEM is so important for nanotechnology. So it was award 1930 Nobel Prize.  for physics. Then we can see this state. We can see the nanomaterials, nanosite specimens, and based on what we can see, we can manipulate them. We can manipulate them. All right, so this is a sample, one sample. So I want to give you an example of this comparison of optical microscope and scanning uh  electron microscope, what's the difference? So here you can see optical image of ant. The shape and size of this ant are clearly seen. You see, you also can see it's gold. The reason why it's gold, because it's organic sample. So in the future, if we work with polymers, the first thing you should do is you go to a machine called the gold sputtering machine. You want to coat your sample with very, very thin gold. because a party  is a challenging material for scanning electron microscope because it will have the so-called charging effect. There will be a certain electron cloud flowing around. It will affect the successful emission of secondary electron from your sample. We want to hit this sample, this atom, and get a precise secondary electron emitted from the atom. But this polymer, they have the so-called charging effect. This electron field at the surface will lead to the  diffraction or scattering over the secondary electron. So make your signal low intensity and low signal to noise ratio. So we usually call this gold, because this gold will let the electron flow to the ground. So you don't have this problem. And if you put a scanning electron marker, this is what you are going to see. You see all these details. It's like a monster. You all see these details, the fluff. You usually...  So here you barely can see it, but here it's just so easy for you to see. And I think, and also I can tell you that this X25 is a very, very low magnification. Usually I don't use that. I start with 500, okay? So you can imagine I can focus on this part, maybe this part. I can zoom in, zoom in, zoom in. Maybe I can easily see something like within 100 nanometer. But here, this is 1 millimeter, okay? So this is just trying to show, give you an idea what it looks like.  like in scanning electron microscope. Just compare the width length. One is 400 to 700. One is less than 1 nanometer. So the width length can be different. And they will see completely different details. Here is another sample I would like to show you. This is my sample. This is my sample. As you may know, I work on carbon nanomaterials. One of the carbon nanomaterials I work on, it's a carbon nanotube. imagine I got this uh  I got this two-dimensional material. It can be a carbon layer. If I can go to the bookstore, I buy a pencil, maybe a scratch tape. I can exfoliate the single-layer carbon from that graphite. That's called graphene. You can imagine just the honeycomb lattice of carbon atoms. If I wrote this sheet into a tube, then it became a carbon nanotube. OK, the domino tube can be around 10 nanometers.  nanometer to less than one nanometer. When I was a student, the world record smallest carbon nanotube is produced at UST. I still remember it's around 0.4 nanometer. So Professor Wang, Wang Ning, I think he is a main contributor to that field. And it's a paper published in Science. Very, very big news when I was a student. So it can be less than one nanometer up to maybe  10 nanometer. 10 nanometer, usually we're talking about multi-wall. You can have a single wall that only one sheet, and you can have another tube outside this tube, and it can multi-wall. And a very interesting thing is, depending on your rolling directions, it can be metallic and semiconducting carbon nanotube. So this is a sample I think is a couple of years ago using a technique called chemical vapor deposition. or in the  In the future, if you visit my lab, we have four of this type of system in my lab. If you just get to the lab, and this will be the facility in front of you, four of them in two cabinets. And actually, this is a collaboration work. I got this sample from a EE student. So they use photolith soccer method to prepare this catalyst for me. So  So there is gold patterns. Here is actually the gold wire, the gold electrode. They want to conduct electricity. Then on this rod, on this pattern, it's like a disk. They prepare some iron. Iron is a catalyst for the carbon nanotube growth forming. Then I found a nice, thin-sized window, so I grow this forest. So if you see this picture, if you check this picture, Actually, they are just a...  rod everywhere. So the magnification gets 90. And if you enlarge using higher magnification, that is 700, you start to see the details of this rod. Actually, it seems like all this kind of rod, they trying to form this disk shape structure. But you further zoom in at the roots.  Actually, you can clearly see it's lots and lots of carbon nanotubes, lots of carbon nanos like this. You even can estimate size. It must be a diameter less than maybe 20, 10 nanometers. 20 nanometers, because here the scale bar is 100 nanometers. OK, so this is actually the carbon nanotube I grew a couple of years ago.  So here, I would like to show another example. It's actually graphene gold nanoparticle structure. So this is actually a field effect transistor we fabricated a couple of years ago. And if you check the shape of this field effect transistor, actually, it's a four-terminal structure. Easily, you can use the object scale.  electron microscope to see them right so on this graphene surface you will use thermal evaporation to deposit two Armstrong go cluster on graphene okay and we annul it okay we use the thin field deposition method okay to evaporate point two anemone that is two Armstrong or two Armstrong you should know that although it's a sim film, but actually it's  not a continuous film at this stage. Usually, when you're trying to deposit a thin film on a substrate, it has to go to several nanometers. At the very beginning, it's a cluster. When you go several nanometers to 10, maybe around 10, it can continue to shift. But below one nanometer, definitely, it's a cluster everywhere. If you anneal it, you will see this type of gold nanoparticle. You will see the gold nanoparticle. Here this is SCN  image, you can see the scale bar. You can see that actually high density nanoparticle around 400 per square micron, okay, 400 percent micron if you try to check its density. Due to this 10 nanometer size of this particle, we choose to use a relatively high a certain voltage for the electron to observe this type of particle.  Why is that? Why I want to use the relative high? Because I told you that the acceleration voltage can be 1 to 30. I think for this sample, it's around 20 to 30. Why I want to increase the acceleration voltage? It's all because of the equation, de Broglie contribute. Due to this de Broglie wavelength, High voltage in SCM can lead to shorter wavelength.  OK, just high energy shorter wavelength, something like that. Shorter wavelengths will give you higher resolution. So it's easier for you to see this type of nanoparticle, to see this type of nanoparticle. But this picture actually has one problem. Actually, this is silicon dioxide, right? And this is the graphene. You see the contrast between them is actually not that good. I will say it's not that good. In the coming slide, I will show you one.  examples how acceleration voltage can affect contrast between your substrate and sample, and you all know why, okay? You all know why. Okay, now let's imagine that we have a sample somewhere right here, okay? We have this sample placed in vacuum, okay? Placed in vacuum. When we shine the electron beam onto the sample, we control the intensity.  of the electron beam. We then collect different kind of signal, such as backscatter electron, secondary electron. And we also can have x-ray emitted from your sample. So here, the secondary electron referred to the electron in the specimen that are knocked out by the incident electron beam. Backscatter electron actually is from the interaction of the electron of the beam.  with the atomic nucleus of your sample. We have a mechanism we show you in the next slides. So very different from this secondary electron, the electron source of the secondary electron is from the incident beam. So you should remember that. So that is like, if I ask you the owner of this electron previously, before this interaction, you should know. One is from this tungsten, the filament. Another is the problem.  your sample. The backscatter electron is from constant. It belongs to constant. And this secondary electron belongs to your sample. So we will have another schematic to show you details. So you can imagine that for this backscatter electron, heavy element normally will have a higher intensity of backscatter electron. This is because the stronger interaction of the electron of your primary beam with atomic  nucleus of your heavy elements, heavy atom, heavy elements. So when this is then being passed through your sample, create the so-called secondary electron is not storing. As I said before, it's going to leave a hole. Then another outer shell electron will occupy that side, and they will release x-ray. Release x-ray. Then you can use this characteristic x-ray, The wavelength of X-ray  energy would actually characterize what type of energy, what type of element you are having in your sample. So SEM is based on this signal. And we can do lots of analysis of sample using this signal. So it's much, much more powerful than optical microscope. You can have lots of interaction between this electron and your sample. and you can study all different  kinds of interactions to learn more about your sample. And this is only the basic three. There are actually more. In the assignment, I will let you do a little review for another type of process. Another type of process. So you just should remember that scanning electron microscope is a very powerful quadrivalidization tool. It's not only about the morphology. It's not.  only a bottom of four. It can be more. OK? OK, so if this sample is bulk sample, very, very thick, then that's end of story. OK? This end of story. We just got this secondary electron, and that's it. But if your specimen, your sample, are thin enough, for example, several nanometers, maybe less than 100 And that'll mean  You can do that. Then this incident beam, if you accelerate the voltage up to maybe 200, then there is a chance that this electron can pass, can pass through. Then you can collect some signals on the other side. It's just like this sample is transparent. So the majority of the electron beam will pass the sample without any scattering, because you know that  for a structure of atoms and nucleus, it's actually a very small center. It has the majority of the mass. But outside, the electron is floating around. You don't have much mass. But the volume between this nucleus and electron actually is huge. You can consider it's a vanquish. It's nothing there. So majority of electron beam, this incident beam, is going to simply pass without any scattering.  It's called a central unscattered beam. So this is one possibility. However, in this process, some electrons will scatter. Scatter means you change the moving direction of this electron. We have inelastic scattering. That means you are going to donate some energy to such a scattering process. Or you can have elastic scattering process. That means you change the direction, but you do not have energy. gate  gain or loss. So this is all possible in such a process. It's all possible. So if we do imaging using the scattered electron and unscattered electron, then we will have transmission electron microscope. You can imagine that actually structure pretty the same. You have similar electron source, but you need to use different acceleration voltage. So your electron have high energy. You can pass this sample.  But also, the only difference is that once you pass this sample, you have detectable NIRS. So this is TEM. So let's be back to SEM. Let's talk about different kinds of electrons. We talk about backscatter electron, secondary electron. So the major operation mode of SEM, scanning electron microscope is to  detect the secondary electrons that give topography information, morphology. Because those electrons are mainly from the surface. So if you check this SEM image, you see all those features. It's just like a mountain, right? All small features. You can learn something about the morphology of your sample. So another mode is backscattered electron, which produce image  that carry elemental information. Here, the elemental information is not really the name of the elements. You just know it's heavy elements or light elements. You create a contrast. So this elemental information you can get from backscatter electron. So if your sample is a composite like this, then you want elemental contrast for the image. Then you can use backscatter electron.  OK? Backscattered electrons are primary electrons from the beam that get elastic scattered in such a process. You have this electron beam you see. It's from the tungsten, from the filament, from the electron source. And you get to this nucleus. It do not really have the interaction with your electrons in your sample, But due to this very, very  strong interaction between your electron and your nucleus, I mean, the nucleus of your sample, then this one will change its directions. It will simply change its direction in such a way you have elastic scattered process. So you can imagine, if I got a nucleus that is really heavy, then this interaction is.  going to be stronger. Then if you got to detect somewhere right here, looking down, you can record the intensity of this electron. Then you will see that, OK, this is gold, OK? This is gold, heavy metal, because the signal I got is huge. And this is, oh, this is carbon, because the interaction is not that strong with light elements. This is exactly what we are seeing here. So you can imagine if this is the same sample, These two images actually give you different kinds of images.  information. For this one, you know the elemental information. This area, I got heavy elements. But this area, I got light elements. But I do not really see the morphology, because those electrons can go very, very deep. That means you got lots of information from the atoms beneath the surface. That will cover the signal immediately from the surface. Last week  electron is different. It simply kick out this electron at a surface. For example, this electron will leave, and you're going to be detected by some secondary electron detector above the sample, low energy. And such a process do not need this type of..  energy process. So you do not really get to very, very deep. So you only get information from the surface. So the reason why you see that the morphology better than this one. But the way you can combine this information is you software adjust to put them together. So you get both morphology and element.  information. So you just combine them. You just combine them. So this is a backscatter electron and a secondary electron. So you may ask about difference between the backscatter secondary electron detector. I told you we have the secondary electron detector somewhere right here. But what it looks like for the backscatter electron detector? Actually, there are different kind of detector. I told you this process will lead to the so-called  called inelastic scattering process. Oh, sorry, elastic scattering process, they simply change the direction because the incident beam carries high energy. And it simply changes this direction still. It got a lot of energy. So this backscatter electron got a high energy. But it's just the direction is different. So we choose to place the backscatter electron detect somewhere red  here above the sample. So this is what it looks like. So backscatter electron detector capture high energy electron. You should remember this. And this electron scatters off the sample's nucleus. And this detector, I mean, this detector right here, like a doughnut, is very, very sensitive to the heavy element. It will show us composition and density of the sample, and it's very sensitive to heavy element. and  And as we said, the heavy element will bounce back more electrons, making them look brighter in the image. So in the future, when you're trying to work with backscatter electrons, there is certain detail you need to pay attention to. You see it's actually placed on top of your sample. This thing is just like a doughnut. It's again like a doughnut. In this structure, lots of donuts.  This lens is like a donor, because you need to use the central beam to pass the hole of the donor so you can do the scanning electron microscope. So usually, this donor is somewhere above, somewhere right here. For example, this is your sample. Usually, this donor is just hanging here. There is a rod connected to one motor, and usually just like that. Then you pass.  Press one button. Then what it will do is it's going to move above your sample. And then you can start to use this detector. So one of the problem is you have to be very careful of the walking distance at this moment. I will have another slide show you, the coming slide show you the walking distance, WD. You have to make sure this WD is more than 8. You have to check that with technician. Usually it's 8 millimeter. That means this length.  OK? The distance between your sample and this lens is more than 8 nanometer, 8 millimeter. So when you're trying to move this bad scatter detector above your sample, you do not hit the sample. OK? But you trying to do SEM, lots of students, they want to have the so-called high resolution image. OK? So the way they do that, it's just trying to move this land  closer to your sample. Sometimes it can be less than one millimeter. Then at this time, if you try to do backscatter detection, then it's going to be a disaster. Especially for students who want to get a high-resolution image. Don't do this backscatter detection without technician support. They will be mad. Because if it's in Japan or the US, they have a supporting department of Joe or FEI somewhere near your lab.  They can come to the lab to replace this, detect the whole stage, maybe within one day. But in Hong Kong, it takes one month when I was a student. So it's a big accident. So never do that. I just let you know that this thing is like a donor. It will insert between the lens and your sample. So do not hit the sample. That's the most important thing you need to remember. OK. So in the future if you  with STM. This is probably the most important information you need to get. And you need to understand, okay? I will ask you during the examination, you need to know what is those labels, okay? I'm not sure if you can see it clearly. So this is actually just carbon nanotube that grow, okay? It doesn't really matter. I want you to focus on this, like all the notation right here you need to understand okay uh from here okay this scale by everyone knows this  length is about 1 micron. HKUST, that means this machine is from HKUST. And this is actually my sample, so it's fine. Then you go to the magnification, x14,000. This is medium. Pretty high, but not that high. I would go to maybe 30,000 if needed. VACC, that means acceleration voltage. This is probably the most important parameter you should work with.  And talk to the technician nicely. Talk to the technician nicely. Some technicians don't allow you to touch it, because there are lots of accidents happen. As I said, if you do something wrong, it probably takes one month to replace the components. This assertion is definitely something you can do. And if you communicate with them nicely, they will allow you to work with this parameter. Because in this data, I will show you why it's so important. This is a  voltage, 5kV. That is a very sweet spot you want to start with, 5kV. You can go to 1. You can go up to 10, 20, 30. It's fine. But usually, I start with 5, see what it looks like. Because if you have no information about sample, then you don't know how to tune. 5kV is co-K. It can give a decent signal, at least for graphene, for carbon nanotube. So remember, this is VACEC. ACC stands for?  acceleration voltage, V voltage, ACC acceleration. That means the potential you put between your sample and your constant. All right, then detector, LED. Guess what? What's LED? It looks similar. You see this a lot, right? Is it light we're using? Light-emitting diode?  No, this is not. LED is a detector we are using. That means low energy detector. That means this is a secondary electron. So in an examination, 100% will ask you, I will give you, OK, this LED is a low-emitting diode. You say no. All right? So the low-energy detector, this is a detector you are using. OK?  That means this image is secondary electron image. But for backscatter electron, of course, in the future, if you see something like a BSE, then it's a backscatter electron image, BSE. And there is more mode. There is more mode. Some detector can be very complicated. But usually we deal with LED and  BSE, backscatter electron detector. And then you have the mode, SEM. This SEM is what? I will ask you again. The SEM mode equal to SEM is a scanning electron microscope? Yes or no?  No, it's not a scanning electron microscope. It's a secondary electron. SE is a secondary electron. So that means it's because it's already a scanning electron image. You don't have to put this image here. So this lab means you are doing the secondary electron mode. Okay.  Why is the LED? It's one about the detector you're using, another is about this mode, okay? SEM. It's very easy for you to confuse, okay? Then there's the so-called WD, right? WD is the walking distance. Walking distance. This is also very important. Now, you see, when I work with this magnification, okay, I think it's okay. So I work with maybe a bit more than And then M-minimeter is fine.  But in Hong Kong, usually, if you work with technicians, they usually will make this working distance extremely large. So if you want to see the gold nanoparticle show before, it's going to be challenging. So you need to talk to them nicely. Maybe reduce this one to five, less than five. Then you need to be very, very careful. Once you got your sample, for example, your sample got some topography, some large features within couple hundred microns.  and your sample, the working distance is 1 millimeter, then you can imagine there is a chance your sample will hit the sample because you have this feature, right? So you need to check this working distance. Usually, for this magnification, if you go to 30, if you reduce to 8, then you should be fine, okay? But sometimes they don't allow you to do it because if you break things, they were going to affect other users.  okay so this is a I can have this called everybody do SEM you need to know the details okay once you got this image when you see the papers in this type of image in paper you should know how to identify the mode detector working distance a sufficient voltage they are using okay because sometimes you see if you check the paper polish usually you know usually it's there is a high chance you can find the actually lots of people do not  know how to use SEM. So if, for example, if I show my sample like this, if I put a session voltage, if I'm not focused on the gold nanoparticle, I will see this guy know nothing about SEM. You know why? Because for graphing, if you work with material like graphing, the first thing you need to check is its work function. So in the future, if you  If you work with an image you want to publish on paper, especially like you guys, I will say that high resolution, of course, is important. But for SEM, high resolution is not our ultimate goal. We go for nanomaterial. If I want to really resolve the atomic resolution, I have tons of method to do it. I can do TM. I can even do the scanning transmission electron microscopy, see the atoms, right? But SEM, I want to see the morphology. I want to see what happens.  I want to see the contrast. Contrast is the key, okay? It's not only about the resolution. So if you want to create the high contrast between your sample and the background, for SEM the thing, the most important problem that you need to know, actually what function of the material, okay? So you need to check the work function. Work function is the energy you need to input for a sample to have electron immediate.  You know this band structure, right? If you have metals, right? You have this electron energy somewhere right here, we call it Fermi level, and you have a VanCue level right here. You put the bar right, you match the distance. There is certain kind of instrument can give you this number. Actually, you can check it. If in my lab, I would tell the student to really do this measurement by KPFM, but this work function, that's the energy you need to input for to knock out the electron from the surface of the metals, okay? for  spin, the work function is around 4.3, around 4 electron volts. And this guy is silicon dioxide is around 5. So the optimized, the best region we can play with somewhere right here or right here. We want this region to emit electron, but this silicon dioxide do not have any signal. So you  can have with the high contrast. So if you check carefully, if you, for example, if you lower the acetylene voltage less than 1 keV, so you actually see this contrast is pretty high. But if you use this electron beam to resolve the nanoparticle I showed you before, probably the performance is extremely bad. Because the wavelength is long, everything became blurry.  Right? But this one, you see if you have this graphene sheet some like this, the size is large. This assertion voltage can give you a relatively high contrast. But I will say this one is the best. OK? So only this region is not well above its work function, but it's well below. It's much, much lower for this silicon dioxide region. So that means at this moment, silicon dioxide almost  emit, of course, it's going to emit a certain amount of electron, but much, much less than the graphene areas. In that way, if you use software, you can make the contrast very high. This is very important. But now, if you further increase to 20, at this moment, silicon dioxide and the graphene, they both emit. They both have lots of electron coming out of the surface.  So this is like this area and this area. They are kind of different. But this one is emitting maybe 100. This is 95. The contrast is not high. But if I can make this area emit 10, this area emit maybe less than 5, the contrast is going to be very, very high. OK? So in scanning electron microscope, a salient voltage is a very, very important parameter for you to play with. OK? you have to know the material you're looking  on and you want to choose a good number to create this good contrast okay okay well we overrun quite a lot so let's take a 10 minutes break okay we'll be back and talk about the EDX okay  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  E a . ?? ,,?Aceleration VoltageAceleration Voltage potential  contrast Celecom  mine particle,contrastcontrast,areaemissionemission level,contrastin total amount,work function 95100siliconsilicon  Yn ystod y cyfnod, roeddwn i'n meddwl y byddai'r ffordd y byddai'r ffordd yn ystod y cyfnod yn ystod y cyfnod. Diolch yn fawr iawn am wylio'r fideo.   offset  directionarticulate email linear mix  image processpipelinepicturemental imagemental photowitstableworld SAMCodeIn-House ,post-processsignal,signal,,product outdoorFriend  Thank you.  Okay. Okay, so yeah, let's continue. Okay.  So we talk about different parameter that is very important for SEM, especially the working distance, the acceleration voltage. So in the future, if you work with your materials, try to play with those parameters, and you will learn much about your sample. So besides the secondary electron and the backscatter The third type of signal that is widely used  in SEM is x-ray or x-ray. X-ray analysis, sometimes we call the EDX. So x-ray analysis usually comes with a SEM facility. SEM facility. And you simply insert a detector into the chamber when you want to do EDX. So this is one module is attached to the chamber. The one.  When you go to the lab and you want to do the ICM, what you do is you've got a liquid nitrogen. You fill the tank with the liquid nitrogen, and there is some screw you can manually insert the detector inside the chamber to do this EDX. Because the detector need to be closed to your sample. Need to be closed sample. So this is a very convenient measurement. The principle is that the E-beam will knock off  the inner shell electron of the atoms and the atom relax to low energy state with emission of x-ray. Okay, so this is a characteristic to the atomic numbers. So you can imagine that the energy between different orbitals for different elements is different. Okay, it's a characteristic feature characteristic feature to their atomic number.  So with EDX, you can easily analyze the elemental distribution in your sample. That means you really know it's gold or silver. You get more information compared to backscatter electron microscope. So the backscatter mode only gives you the contrast. Is it heavier or is it lighter? by the...  EDX will tell you what's that. What's that? Is it gold? Or is it silver? Is it carbon? They will know that. So let's discuss in details. So this is actually the process. So emission of x-ray is a two-step process. Actually, there are two processes here. So in the first step, the electron beam hits the sample and transfer part of its energy to the atom of this.  sample. So you see actually this is incident beam, incident electron. It will transfer part of its energy to the atom of the sample. And this energy can be used by the electron of the atom to be knocked off from this atom. So this is like this electron previously okay sorry this electron previously sits here okay  This is the secondary electron. But this incident beam comes in. It will kick out this electron from your sample. Now it became what? It became secondary electron. It became secondary electron. And in return, this electron incident beam will change its direction. So it's scattered. It's been knocked off. This is the second the electric knocked off from the atom.  and became the secondary electron we are talking about, we are seeing. So if such a transition occurs, then the electron being knocked off leaves behind a hole. Leave behind a hole right here. The previous is occupied by this secondary electron, but now there is a hole. There is a hole. So in the second step of the process, the hole will attract this electron from higher energy shell. Okay, maybe the white...  right here okay maybe the one right here higher energy shell so when an electron from such a high energy shell fill the hole of the lower energy shell okay then that's what I'm talking about the atoms want to return to the low energy state okay the energy difference then I mean that of such a transition can be released in the form of electromagnetic waves  That is the X-ray right here. Because we have a high-energy shell electron trying to occupy this one, and there is energy loss. And this energy loss will be released in the form of electromagnetic wave. That is X-ray I put here, okay? Criteristic X-ray. So this X-ray has a characteristic energy. That means for different elements, this energy is different.  If you have a very nice detector to see this energy, then you can differentiate elements. So this will allow for elemental analysis for your sample. And the amount of this energy released is not only depends on the element that is being hit, but also the energy between the electron shell involved in this event. If the hole is somewhere right here or this right here, and you got energy.  difference between this one and this one. This type of characteristic energy difference are all different. And you can use the difference, this type of number, to precisely locate the position in this periodic table. So on the right-hand side, I show you a schematic. I hope everyone can know such a system. or you can label the N.  energy, how you can label. I show you this schematic with number of shell, begin with the inner motor shell being this K, L, M, and N. Let's say we have this different electron shell. So EDX is mostly concerned with K, L, and M. K, L, and M. Sometimes we will work with N. So if this electron come to feel the valence. OK? Come to feel.  this spot, this hole, from the closest outer shell, okay? That is just one orbital outside, okay? It's denoted as alpha signal, okay? Alpha signal, okay? This one, this one. However, if the electron comes from a shell that is once removed, then it's known as beta, okay beta signal  So you see actually it's once removed, the one outside, this green one. Then this jump, this energy difference is called beta signal. Beta signal. So for example, we have the electron jump from M to L. M to L, that is what? That is L out.  L alpha because it's just the one closest outer shell. And its ending orbital is L. So we call it L alpha. Then the transition from N to L is L beta because it's once removed. It's outside this yellow.  with two transitions here, OK? So that is going to be L beta, L beta, OK? So now let me ask what's going to be notation for the electron drama from N to M, I mean this one. So you immediately should know that it's M alpha, OK? M alpha, because ending is M. And it's just closest orbital. So it's alpha signal. So it's m.  alpha, m alpha for this one. And this is going to be some question in the examination. So on this slide, we explain more. You should know that the further from the nucleus, the lower energy, ionization energy is. Therefore, this K shall, okay?  has the highest ionization energy, okay? Because it's closest to the nucleus, okay? So K signal is the strongest. So to have X-ray emission, first you need to have sufficient energy to knock out the electron from the K shell. If you want to see this K signal, okay? K alpha, K beta, whatever. You want to see this. You want to knock out this electron from the K shell, okay? so y'all  Incident beam need to have sufficient energy. Sufficient energy, large enough knockout electrons from the K-shell. Okay? Typically, we use one to two times the documented energy. Okay? Documented energy. And there is many useful tools for you to check such energy. Okay? So such as a periodic table that lists those energies from each element.  For example, here you can see for copper, it will just tell you what is the K alpha energy and the KL alpha energy. You see that K alpha is significantly larger than the KL alpha. So you can take this as a reference when you're trying to analyze your sample. So as I mentioned before, if we are going to use  twice the documented energy to have electrons from your K-shell, okay? What's the acceleration voltage you are going to use? So because we have 8 here, then the acceleration voltage we are going to use is around 16, right? 16. So this is going to number I put as VACC, okay? VACC. So in EDX, usually the energy you are using  is significantly larger. So you can imagine that actually this type of analysis involves lots of what? Backscatter electron signal as well. Backscatter electron signal as well. Because the energy of the electron is then being has sufficient high in energy to inject into a sample very, very deep. Very, very deep. That means when you do analysis, when you do EDI,  studies, you are sampling certain volume beneath the surface of your sample. This distance can be as large as 1 micron. 1 micron. So in the future, let's say you are using EDX to study a thin-field material. You have to be very, very careful. Because thin-field material, we are talking about a couple 10th  nanometer, but your sampling volume, sampling depth, can be a couple hundred. That means you have a volume. You study the entire volume, but only the thin film. The film at the surface is a sample you are interested in. So when you're trying to analyze the atomic concentration, for example, some elements for the sample, which is a thin film, that cannot be accurate.  OK? Because software, they just feed whatever they can see. OK? For example, in dream cases, you can see there is some noise right here, right? But if you say, I have another element other than cover right here, I can really feed two peaks here. I got these numbers. Although it's noise, you still can get a certain amount of signal. And you just use that intensity to do that.  atomic concentration calculation, maybe it's less than 1%, then you still claim there is some elements in that sample. This actually is an inappropriate way to do this type of analysis, because the signal is too low, and your sampling depth is high, is large. So be very, very careful about the atomic concentration analysis when you are trying to do EDX. So here, as we see,  said this copper voltage we will use in EDF study is around 60. Just remember this. And actually, this type of information can be easily found somewhere if you do SEM. Usually, the mouse pad, the mouse pad, the pad, they put this mouse. Have this type of information, usually. At least all the SEM machines I work with  have this type of book. And it goes with the machine. The technician just, the company just sends you this gift for free. So you can check carefully if there is periodic table somewhere near the table. This panel, you can find this information. Otherwise, you just go to Wikipedia, and you can easily find this periodic table, K alpha, L alpha. And you can use this information to identify.  the element in your sample. So with this characteristic EDX peak, we should be able to analyze the chemical compounds, chemical composition of the sample pixel by pixel. And it is very, very powerful for many applications. For example, in our field, biomedical engineering, using EDX, you can map the matrix, okay, calcium.  Phosphor ratios may be involved. And sometimes, you use very unique elements for therapeutic purpose. And it can be something like this very strange element, and you will be able to identify this element accurately using your EDX. You actually know that a bomb is compressed.  It undergoes lots of structural and functional optimization through the repairing process. So you can use this process, you can use this technique to understand such a process. You can see clearly this titanium implants have very nice interface with the calcium. That means your treatment works. OK, this impounded structure really integrate with your bone structure.  So EDX is a very useful tool to study such a process and understand the mechanism. OK, so that's the main content I would like to discuss for SEM briefly. In the future, if you work with SEM, still there is much more to learn, much more to learn. just trying to discuss with the technician nicely.  and carefully. So usually, they will help you. Otherwise, they will not allow you to tune the reaction voltage, not allow you to change the working distance. That's not a good scenario. Next, we will talk about transmission electron microscope, TEM. First of all, let's go back to this schematic. Let's go.  to go back to this electron matter interaction. In this process, we previously said there are lots of electron signals, electromagnetic wave, and the scattering process that happened. We can use all of these things to tell us bits of information about our sample. So if you look at, say, a scanning electron microscope, we are working on this surface. you lose  all the stuff coming out the other side because your sample are too thick. But if your sample is thin enough and the electron beam is of high energy, then you will be able to get them out of the other side and then you have a TM. As this electron beam goes through this other side, there are elastic scattered electrons that diffract to particular angles and that's where are  what diffraction information comes from. I will tell you what it looks like. It's just like a spot, okay? You can image the sample at a certain plane, okay? Image plane. It's just a spot, okay? And there are also inelastic electrons, and with appropriate equipment on the bottom, okay, of the sample, you can study the energy that you lose in such a process, okay? and this  is just like the EDX process. You have this energy loss, and it is a characteristic energy difference. And you can use the energy to study lots of properties for a sample. For example, the MOSAT state of the art TM can study the full known vibration mode. I discussed with you before this type of lattice vibration previously people use what? Raman spectroscopy studied. Now actually you can use transmission electron microscope.  Usually transmission electron marks work for relatively large electron energy, but now for those tiny amount of energy, we also can study them. Because we got a better machine, better detector, higher resolution. So all the things here are something that we can think about, and you can see the richness of the event give us a lot of things about our sample. Okay, so here it's a...  Typical configuration, it's a pretty old model, but the structure is the same. Structure is the same compared to the most state of the art machine. So we will talk about those details later. But here, just give you a brief idea of how it's done. The structure is pretty like what? SEM. this electron source, this  donut I'm talking about and you have length right you have length and for the electron source you have much higher number compared to SEM okay it's much higher than SEM it is around 200 kilovolt or even higher so due to the higher acceleration voltage you achieve higher energy for electron and the electron beam can easily  pass your sample, your specimen. So for conventional TM, a resolution can be down to 1.5 Armstrong, 0.15 nanometer or you can say. And very different from SEM, the specimen, the tempo is where? It's here. It's here, somewhere in between this donut and your lens. Okay? So TM...  have the sample loading system somewhere in the middle, in the middle of the column. And the TEM offers several different modes for material analysis. It's not only looking at the size of the nanoparticles. For example, some research groups may work on gold nanoparticles, silver nanoparticles. Of course you can use TEM, whose check is the size. for example, the Nano 2.  I work with. I can check its diameter. But it can be much, much more powerful than that. It have different imaging mode for material analysis, such as deflection mode, bright field mode, dark field mode, and some high-end transmission electron microscope, even combine SEM and TEM. That means I can refine. I can place this electron beam in a matter.  that I only have interaction with one atom. That means the electron spot can be extremely high. Usually, you are very, it's very challenging for you to do that. But now we have the so-called abrasion correcting system that allow you to place maybe the electron beam with a spot size much smaller than your atom. And in this way, you can do this scanning electron microscope in this  transmission electron microscope. Like you just move this beam from one atom to another atom, and then you can detect a signal. So this is a different imaging mode in transmission electron microscope. OK? So to allow such fine focusing, I said you need this sub-armstrong resolution, correcting system.  And we will also talk about this later in the coming slides. Another thing you can do with transmission electron mucus is you can study biomaterials. You can cool your biosamples, your protein samples, to low temperature. For example, minus 200 degrees Celsius. And then you can analyze the protein structure using TM. That's called the cryo-TM. And the lots.  of protein structure before AI is resolved by using this technology. And based on those data, the AI software now can resolve more protein structure. But the data is collected by this transmission, Electromux, in the first place. Here I show you a typical TEM image. You see this is actually a carbon nanotube.  before so i got this forest i just got a this needle um maybe using tweezer it's all fine just get a little bit samples and dissolve in acetone try to sonic a little bit and i got this copper grade the copper grade i will introduce later essentially the sample holder for tm and then you keep a drop casting maybe every two minutes you drop cast it put in a food and this uh s-tone is go  evaporate eventually you will have the carbon net hanging around okay hanging there and using transmission electron microscope you can see them okay so now compared to scanning electron microscope this data is more convincing right I can say it's less than 10 nanometer around the 6 to 7 nanometer in diameter but SEM cannot go to that resolution. And you will also see actually  different walls. Actually, it's about four to five walls. So it's a multi-wall carbon nanotube. So this is what we see in transmission electron microscope. Compared to the SEM, you see the difference. OK? OK, so here we have another sample. So this is gallium niacinide. Gallium niacinide. So this is a crystal. Okay?  Crystal means the material has a periodic structure, such as this type of pattern. So this is a typical lattice for this type of crystal material. And you can see that there is a scale bar that is around 1 nanometer. and people will let you know this is garlic last night  And you see those spots. It's a regular shape. And when you see this type of image in literature, lots of time people call this type of image high resolution TM image. Usually, they didn't really justify. So you should know that the spot you're currently seeing here, the pattern here actually is a lattice. It's a lattice. It's not an atom. So if you're talking about high resolution, If this is  scanning transmission electron microscope, I will say yes. But if it's a conventional TM, and if you see this type of patterns, you have to be very, very careful. It's not an atom. It's not an atomic image. It's just because you have this lattice. So the distance you see from one spot to another spot actually is a lattice constant. That means on each side, I can have one unit. okay no no nest  being one atom. It can be one unit. It can be two atoms, three atoms. They just repeat each other in this direction and in this direction. Just remember, conventional TM cannot do atomic image. They can see lattice in a very nice way, but it's not atomic image. OK? So in.  Well, medical engineering, TM, is a very important tool. For example, you can investigate, you can study the cellular uptake of gold nanoparticles by taking this TM image of a cell out of the treatment with nanoparticle. So gold is a heavy metal. So when electron beam pass a gold atom, there is more chance than the other elements. it's a  and it will get more electron. So if you have one detector beneath, then this detector is not going to receive any signal, or less signal than other elements compared to gold. So what do you see in the TM image, in this so-called bright field TM image, that those black dots everywhere is gold nanoparticles.  particle, gold nanoparticle, because once electron C gold nanoparticle, it will deflect to other directions because gold is a heavy metal. So you have a chance to scatter more electron than other light elements. I just have this electron comes in and pass through. So this is actually very, very convenient, but I would say very entry-level usage of TM. So nanoparticle  Currently, a very hot topic in drug delivery. If you work with Professor Jonathan Troy, you probably will see this type of image a lot, because he used TEM to see the distribution of gold nanoparticles in cells. So if you are interested, you can check his publication, talk to him. Here, I just show you one example how we can use TEM, gold nanoparticle. So here I show you full state-of-the-art TM facility.  This is going to be the facility you are going to use in the future. And this is one conventional. Another is scanning transmission electron microscope. This is the so-called atomic resolution TM I mentioned before. So Joe, F200, this company made SEM and also TM. okay f200 is a conventional TM we  is a co-fuel emission gum operated at 200. It again go to 880. 80 means you have less damage for your sample. But for this one, you can imagine, if I work with some material like graphene, I want to see the graphene atoms, then this one is going to be even lower in terms of energy. So if you compare the energy, you can see there is a huge difference. You can see a huge difference. Hiya, N.  you have better resolution, but you also can damage your sample, OK? Because this is just like a gun, right? If you have just atoms, then you don't knock it out. So when I was post-doc, there is a lab near my lab, professor, genetic lab. They use the electron beam to create a hole for graphene materials or transition metal. Really, you can knock out this electron, these atoms.  from her material. So another is a so-called neon. Neon Ultra STN. This is a statewide scanning transmission electron microscope. And it is capable of imaging with atomic resolution. So in this case, we are talking about taking a picture of a single atom. So this guy can take a picture of a single atom. So in this case, you can imagine if I'm  taking picture for atom, then vibration is your enemy, right? So any vibration over the ground will affect the imaging quality. And to reduce such an effect, the electron gun is installed somewhere right here, okay? So you are closer to the ground. You have less vibration. And it's shooting upwards. Very interesting design for this machine. But for this one, you have the electron gun here. It's shooting downwards, okay?  And for this machine, actually, you are not allowed to sit with this machine. But this one, you can. It's just like how you drive in cars. There is dashboard, different notes, and a keyboard somewhere. You can sit with this machine. It's fine. But this one, because of vibration, they don't want to hear any sound outside, any vibration. So usually you are sitting outside.  And this machine can be very, very powerful. Recently, I heard that one of my collaborators, they asked for upgrade. And now they can have 20 samples inside this column. And they have a rotation disk. So his lab is in Irvine, UC Irvine. But his home.  is near Caltech. So if you know the location, it's pretty far away. But he can do experiment at home. He just let his colleagues know why. So today is my time. I will use number one samples, and this is my sample. And he can do all the things in his office at home. Very, very powerful machine. So this neon work at operation voltage ranging from 200 kV down to 60. And the low voltage means  less damage to your sample, which is of great use to the study of atomically thin material, especially the material I'm working on. So neon is equipped with electron loss spectrometer, or sometimes you see this EELS, E-E-L-S. This is a very, very decent detector. You can differentiate tiny amount of energy loss for this essential B.  And it can provide a resolution down to 10 millielectron volts. Usually, we are talking about one or two electron volts for conventional, but this guy can down to 10 millielectron volts. That means any small energy loss, for example, this energy is absorbed by this lattice for doing this lattice vibration. This energy loss, this spectroscopy can detect that. okay  that in the coming slides. So this is actually the structure. Some of you may have seen this TM facility before. This is F200. So you have electron gum somewhere right here, somewhere right here. So you use the  condenser lens somewhere beneath. This is following the gun, the electron gun. You have this condenser lens system immediately update. Following the place where the sample stage is inserted, I mean this is a yellow region. So this is a region we have a sample holder. It's like a pot. It's like there is a small hole there.  And you will insert this holder inside that hole. So you have this sample holder, of which the tip has a fixture somewhere right here. Very, very small. You need some skill to install your sample. That will allow you and the entire rod and this structure, this holder will allow you to load your sample like this in this column. Okay?  And you can imagine at the tip, there is a very small disc, okay, like this, that is three millimeter. You can buy from Sigma, you buy from different kinds of suppliers, right? And they will give you this copper grid, okay, copper grid. The diameter is around three millimeter, and they have meshes, okay? you see the meshes it's about 60 to 400  micron in terms of size. So you can order this disk based on your requirement. Sometimes you want a larger, sometimes you want smaller. And that's not end of story. This copper grid, this copper grid are covered with a carbon film. It's amorphous carbon film like this. So this carbon film can be continuous film.  OK? No holes at all. OK? Because this amorphous structure, so if you put some crystal on top of this amorphous film, this graphene-Z transmission electron microscope still can do its work. OK, I hope you understand this effect. OK? So this carbon is amorphous. OK, it's amorphous. If you got a crystal, like if I use my material, OK, I always want to use graphene for all kinds of  Actually, for this application, it's not that suitable, because you will get a graphene signal. You will get a graphene signal if you use it as a support right here. And there is holes. You can dig holes, find a way to dig holes for this amorphous carbon. So the hole size can be 1 to 4 microns. So if you sample like mine, carbon nanotube, The data  meter is around 10, and the length maybe also around a couple tens micron, then this one is going to be nice for you. If you want to have a suspended carbon nanotube for TM study, if you do not have this carbon film support, then you can imagine these meshes have the size of 60. if you have only have a 10 micron rod then you do not get anything suspended on this  great okay but if you have this amorphous carbon film then your sample will be fine okay so f200 is a side entries machine so you can insert the hole from the side okay from the side okay you just get this rod and you try to insert and you rotate it and it's start to do the pumping okay so it's a little bit high sometimes you will see a ladder okay so for ladies you can then I'll  And usually you need this ladder to operate the rod in a comfortable way. Also, maybe at the back there is some part for you to inject the liquid nitrogen. You also need this ladder. So these are just some minor issues you should manage. Okay? So under this sample, okay, here is the sample. Under the sample we have...  several lenses. Actually, there are lenses here. They are used to magnify the output signal of the imaging. And beneath, there is a viewing screen at the bottom. Where the electron impacts fluorescent screen. Actually, the structure looks like this. You have a fluorescent screen like this, and you have a sample somewhere right here. And you have an electron beam cutting down. Because is a fluorescent screen.  electron hit this sample, hit this screen, it will emit green photon. And you will see it through this optical lens. Optical, maybe it's lens. So the lens is here, but actually in front of it, it's just a glass plate. And then you have this lens. You can look into the pattern in details. And this is old time, how we do things. And still people are doing that. And when you try and  to record the image for publication purpose, what you should do is you just rotate the screen, make it vertical, and there is one detected beneath. And try to record the image as you want. Maybe take you four seconds, five seconds to record the image. Then you can use it for publication purpose. So to take a permanent image, you need to flip this screen up And  And there is a digital camera beneath the fluorescent screen. And that will allow you to do the permanent imaging record for your sample. So let's take a close look at the TEM machine and see what it looks like in terms of each component. So we first heat up a source to get this electron to come off the source, come off the source somewhere right here. So you need to heat it up. And you can see.  that this thing, it's like a donor, actually is anode. It's anode metal plate. So you can see this donor-shaped anode is biased to a highly positive voltage. So between this one and this one, there is a potential difference. So in this way, you can pull the electron out of this source. Thank you.  So this is simply an electron source. So we use it for scanning electron microscope as well. In the nanofabrication chapter, when we talk about the so-called E-beam evaporation, we need to use electron beam to heat up the sample. Actually, we are doing similar thing. We are doing similar thing. And that will accelerate electron from this emitter towards the anode to create electron beam that can pass through this aperture.  Okay? Path through this aperture. The next system that we deal with is condenser system. Okay? Condenser system below this anode. Okay? Again, just like an optical microscope, the purpose of this condenser system, okay? Condenser lens. Okay, let's say just condenser lens. The purpose of the condenser lens, condenser system, is to play.  the electron beam onto your sample in a controlled manner, controlled fashion, to allow us to choose the intensity of the electron source, or the electron beam, as it comes onto your sample. So this will allow us to choose the size of your electron beam as it impacts your sample. It's just like a water pipe. you control the  the average flux. If you have a larger or smaller pipe dimension, like a diameter, you probably can change the speed. So as you use this microscope, you vary the magnification of this entire system. So you have to continuously adjust condenser system. You need to adjust condenser system if you are trying to magnify your image.  a couple of times. So you have a relatively well-sized beam for the magnification you are looking at. So let's say you have a beam that covers your viewing screen maybe at 10,000 magnification. So now you do nothing with this condenser system. Hongdae  the lens, you do nothing. But you increase this number, increase the overall magnification to maybe 1 million. Let's say 1 million. You can do that, actually. 1 million. You can do that in TM. So what will happen eventually is you are going to look at just a very small center of that beam. And this image is going to vary.  very dim. You barely see any signals. It is so dim that you will have a hard time seeing much of anything. So what you have to do is you need to play with this condenser system simultaneously while changing the magnification. So you use the microscope. When you use the microscope, you need to continuously adjust the condenser system to have appropriate illumination of the area  of interest. So next is the sample we were interested in, somewhere right here. Next is the sample we are interested in. As we mentioned before, conventional TM have a side sample loading system. You use this rod to load your sample. So this sample sits between this condenser length and objective length, that is this length beneath. OK? Okay?  So the next system, of course, we are going to dealing with is the objective lens, objective system. So this is actually the most important. It's the most important system. It's a primary imaging lens system. And you have different kinds of components there. You can have objective aperture, the selected area aperture in this system. And we will discuss in detail in the next slide. And you need a boast.  to do the local diffraction imaging, bright field imaging, and dark field imaging. One is bright field, one is dark field. They are real imaging. And of course, you can try to see the diffraction pattern. Diffraction pattern simply comes off your sample. And then, in the media lens, you can consider it's just like a mechanism to shift the focusing point of the eBin. This channel  will correlate to the imaging mode, whether it's a diffraction pattern in the reciprocal space or the sample imaging in the real space. You can just imagine you have different kinds of planes right here in the optical lens system. And you just use different strands of this lens. You're trying to check this plane, this plane, this plane. Some plane is real imaging. Some plane is a diffractive pattern. Okay?  well design details. The final thing, of course, is the images that we are interested in. We are interested in. And we want to record it for this fluorescence screen. But before that, we have the project lens. This has simply magnified the imaging by a couple of times each, giving us magnification up to 1 million for the TM. One million is easy for TM.  For scanning electron microscope, maybe 50,000 is going to be a decent number. But for this one, it can go up to 1 million. So it can resolve nanometer, couple nanometer particle. And of course, you have a Vincent's screen. You can see the real image, the flashing patterns, just checking. So if you want to recall the image, you probably want to flip.  And there is one detected beneath, and it's going to record the signals. Some of you may be confused about the lens. I want to talk about lens, lens here. But this is not the lens we see in optical system. If I talk about the lens like this, you probably will understand easily. But this is actually the lens we are talking about in TM. The only difference is that  We use this coil. But the purpose actually is the same. Because for this optical lens, we want to control the optical beam. But for this TM lens, we want to control the electrons, electron beam. How to control the movement electron? You use magnetic field. So there is magnetic field here. So you can control the movement of electrons. So you can control the intensity, the the shape of this  electron beam, so you can have a very nice picture at the end. I'm not able to finish this one, because this is going to take quite a bit of time to explain. And this is the most important contents of this chapter, the different plane for transmission electron microscope. Just to let you know that  Once you have the sample placed somewhere right here, and you have a different lens below this sample, you will have a different plane. And different plane below this object lens is going to give you a different image. So I have one video to show you. Maybe we can finish with this video. See what it looks like when you have a lattice. We talked about this.  the deflection patterns if you have a adders arranged in periodical Adam then you when you have this wave pass this structure you will have deflection patterns okay I think this year it's one image I find from the you Okay, so let's have one deep, okay?  Phenomenon. Okay. So for lattice, would you do a God? And this is going to be the depression pattern you are having. Okay. It's Latin. And you are getting in. Okay. It's definitely a reciprocal space.  in real space, nothing is in the typical space. And if you use another type of add-in, you'll see actually there is a constant of patterns. Okay? And now, if it became one. Oh, here's a morphos. What you see eventually is a ring, okay? So in the fashion pattern, you will see that.  I like rain that means this thing is a mob okay so that's the end of this class so I will see you next week I'll finish this chapter and actually this is a one class before 20th new year okay so I'll see you next week okay so if you have any questions we can have a discussion otherwise I'll see you next week  Thank you.  you 